A furniture brand creates the following mission statement: We aim to provide sustainability-focused businesses with the highest level of service and top-quality products. Which mission statement component does this refer to? |A mission statement should differentiate an organization from its competitors.
What makes a mission statement "relevant"? |The mission statement should only make sense to a specific group of people 
Incorrect
What four components of a vision statement should an organization consider? |Vision statements should be ambitious, feasible, broad, and strategic.
An organization's leadership shares a statement that informs employees how to conduct business. What did they share with their employees? |A value statement 
As an HR professional, you aim to inform employees about the behaviors your company restricts or prohibits. What source of information helps you achieve your goal?|A code of ethics
What are the three main components to an effective code of ethics? |Values, explicit and unambiguous rules, and clear internal controls
Why would you consider whether an organization is remote, hybrid work, or office-based when creating an employee communication strategy? |Choosing appropriate communication channels, such as email or face-to face-meetings, help ensure effective communication, collaboration, and decision-making.
Telecom brand, Connective, outlines its employee conduct expectations, reporting structure, and key roles in the company in a detailed manual. Where can employees find this information? |In the company's marketing materials and advertisements
What type of emails can organizations send employees to keep them notified?Select all that apply. |Newsletters$Company updates$Leadership communications
Fill in the blank: _____ should be an ongoing process to ensure an organization's long-term success.|Training
An organization identifies its corporate values statement to guide employees in conducting business within the organization. Who typically defines the company values? |An organization's leadership
What makes a mission statement "relevant"? |Readers should easily understand how it relates to their lives or applies to them
What is the difference between a mission and a vision statement? |A mission statement defines the present actions of an organization, while a vision statement outlines its future goals.
While creating their value statement, a leadership team begins by brainstorming potential values. What should they do at this stage of the process? |Ask employees what they think the organization's core values are
An HR team compiles a company's ethics codes and include a section about confidentiality. What does this part of an ethics code often include? |The information an organization safeguards, such as employees' personal information
Why is it important to include clear internal control in a company's code of ethics? |It informs employees and stakeholders of the system for reporting and investigating code violations and delivering disciplinary action, as necessary.
Why is training an effective part of an organization's employee communication strategy? |Training offers employees skills and knowledge while promoting a shared understanding of processes and procedures
A retail company creates a manual that includes their mission and vision statements, discipline procedures, and information regarding holidays and time off. What document does this refer to? |Employee handbook
An HR team introduces team meetings as part of an organization's communication strategy. What role do team meetings play in this process? |Meetings bring employees together to discuss updates, share insights, and align efforts toward shared goals.
An HR manager designs engaging learning experiences for employees. What formats might they consider to engage employees and improve their knowledge retention? Select all that apply. |Role-playing exercises$Gamification$Team-building activities
A company creates a clear message stating what they do, their audience, and plans for the future. They aim to inspire their employees by sharing insights into the company and its purpose. What did the company create? |Vision statement
Which of the following best practices should an organization follow when creating a mission statement? |A mission statement should inspire people and shape the organization's direction.
An organization is ready to communicate its values to employees and customers. How can they share these values? Select all that apply.|Display values in common areas around the workplace$Provide training or workshops to educate employees about the company' values$Publish the values on the organization's website
An HR team compiles an employee handbook. Which of the following should they include in this resource? |Operating policies, procedures, vision and mission, behavioral expectations, working conditions, and safety protocols
Which of the following do managers typically achieve during team meetings? Select all that apply. |Provide performance updates$Share expectations
Why would an organization consider training as part of its employee communication strategy? |Mandatory and voluntary training programs cover several areas, such as core principles and ethical standards.