How can an organization enable an employee's career development during the maintenance stage of the career lifecycle? |Offer them new challenges, such as learning new skills or mentoring co-workers
An HR manager determines employees' strengths and weaknesses as part of their career development plan. What career development tool does this refer to? |Assessing
What does the investigation phase of career development involve? |Learning about different career paths
What does the retention phase of career development involve? |Updating job skills and building a professional network
Which approach to employee career growth involves mentoring, ongoing discussion, and role play?|Development
Which of the following refers to the "selection" step in learning and development planning? Select all that apply.|Selection determines who should receive the training or development
What method do HR teams use to identify employee training goals by examining areas in an organization that could be improved? |Training needs analysis
An HR manager aims to use career development tools to help employees advance their careers. Which of the following tools can they use to achieve this goal? |Subsidized education
True or False: Networking encourages employees to get to know individuals within their industry or in different roles within the organization.|True
Which career planning tool focuses on identifying promising employees who have the potential to occupy managerial or executive roles in an organization?|Succession planning
What is the last phase of career development?|Satisfaction
True or False: Lectures, tutorials, workshops, and seminars are examples of training methods. |True
What questions would an HR team ask ahead of doing a training needs analysis to help them determine an organization's training needs? Select all that apply. |What is the training and development budget?$What knowledge, skills, and abilities will an employee need to succeed in their role?$What tasks are required for roles in the organization?
What are the resources, strategies, and techniques used to help employees advance their careers?|Career development tools
An organization aims to use career development tools to help employees advance their careers. Which of the following are tools they can use to achieve this goal? |Volunteer opportunities
What does succession planning enable HR teams to do? |Identify high-potential employees for managerial or executive roles within an organization
