As an HR professional, you aim to detail your organization's culture to understand and make it more inclusive. Which of the following steps should you follow?|Conduct anonymous surveys
What strategies help organizations maintain a diverse and inclusive workplace?|Community outreach
Which of the following approaches help organizations address diversity and inclusion?|Offering flexible scheduling
Which of the following strategies helps establish effective communication within an organization?|Management by walking around
What method for employee involvement allows employees to communicate their ideas and perceptions of an organization?|Employee surveys
What does employee feedback include?|How employees feel about their work, their peers, their managers, and the organization
Why would an organization introduce telecommuting to help employees to maintain a healthy work-life balance?|Telecommuting allows employees more flexibility in managing their work schedules and location
An HR manager aims to make all employees feel appreciated for their unique identities. What type of employee relations program should the HR manager implement?|Diversity program
What is employee buy-in?|When employees are committed to the mission and goals of an organization.
When surveying employees, an organization assesses employee satisfaction and engagement by asking several questions. Which of the following questions, answered on a scale of agreement, will help determine employee satisfaction and engagement? Please select three that apply.|I feel motivated and enthusiastic about my work$I am hesitant to recommend this organization to others due to particular concerns
True or False: Employee resource groups are designed to train managers and supervisors about recognizing and overcoming bias and stereotypes.|False
An HR manager suspects bias during the hiring process, which leads to a workforce dominated by older men. What policy changes may they implement to ensure a more diverse workforce?|Remove information about candidates' genders from résumés and applications
As an HR manager, you implement strategies to establish communication with employees. Why would you consider lunch-and-learn sessions?|It allows employees to discuss various issues and concerns in a relaxed setting that includes both managers and employees.
Fill in the blank: _____ help managers understand why employees continue to work for an organization or why they might leave their current positions.|Stay interviews
Why would an organization offer childcare options to help employees achieve a work-life balance?|It allows parents to focus on work, knowing their children are nearby and cared for
Why is it important to ensure employees are not only engaged but also satisfied?|Satisfied employees are less likely to actively search for another job.
An organization aims to measure employee satisfaction and engagement. Which of the following tools should they consider using?|Questions on a five-point scale
Managers often demonstrate trust in their employees by allowing them to do their jobs and make decisions without waiting for approval. What employee involvement tactic does this refer to?|Delegation of authority
Which interview approaches are intended to gather employee feedback during different stages of their employment? Select all that apply.|Exit interview$Stay interview
True or False: While engaged employees are almost always satisfied with their jobs, satisfied employees are not necessarily engaged.|True
When surveying employees, an organization assesses employee satisfaction and engagement by asking several questions. Which of the following questions, answered on a scale of agreement, will help determine employee satisfaction and engagement? Please select three that apply.|I feel motivated and enthusiastic about my work$I am hesitant to recommend this organization to others due to particular concerns$I am actively searching for other job opportunities outside the organization
Which of the following is a step organizations can take to foster and build an inclusive workplace culture?|Develop an action plan
How does flexible scheduling help an organization attract a more diverse workforce and appeal to diverse candidates?|It shows the organization understands individual circumstances, such as time off for religious holidays
An organization implements department meetings as an employee communication strategy. Which of the following should they consider to ensure the meetings are effective? Select all that apply.|Department meetings include all staff within a department$Department meetings typically occur at regularly scheduled intervals$Department meetings focus on discussing relevant issues
Which type of employee relations programs involve acknowledging employees for their excellent performance?|Recognition program
What does it mean for an organization to have an open-door policy?|Employees may access and approach leaders and managers in an organization at all levels.
Which of the following is a diversity and inclusion initiative an organization might implement?|Training
What strategy would you consider implementing to build a sense of involvement within an organization?|Work teams
An organization hosts an informal party for employees every quarter. What type of employee recognition does this refer to?|Special events
Which benefits might an organization introduce to help employees achieve a healthy work-life balance?|Sabbaticals
How do questions on a five-point scale work?|Employees read a statement and are asked to select one choice from Strongly Agree to Strongly Disagree.
