An HR team manages employees' pay and additional offerings. What type of tasks would the HR team typically perform to manage pay and additional offerings?|Establish and maintain compensation and benefits programs for all employees
An HR manager introduces an increase in employee base salary that compensates for inflation. What is this compensation known as?|Cost of living increase
Which of the following is a type of differential pay?|Shift pay
Why must an HR manager consider legal compliance when setting worker pay for an organization?|Pay practices must comply with laws and regulations related to minimum wage, overtime pay, and equal pay for equal work
What does providing stock and stock options allow employees to do?|Own a portion of an organization
A social media manager performs exceptionally well during a seasonal social media campaign. Their department lead recognizes their outstanding performance in reaching their goal and awards them a salary increase. What type of increase did the employee receive?|Merit increase
An HR manager groups positions with common characteristics, such as managers, in the same grade. Then they assign all managers in the organization to a specific pay range. What job evaluation technique did the HR manager use?|Classification
What tools can an HR professional use to compare their organization's compensation to those offered by similar organizations in the same geographic area?|Consult industry associations to access compensation surveys
An employee receives a form of payment linked to the organization's desired results. What payment strategy does the organization follow?|Pay for performance
A retail organization rewards employees for achieving collective sales goals. What type of incentive pay is this?|Group incentive pay
A fashion retailer rewards employees for acquiring new skills and sets salaries and wages based on the skills of new hires. What type of compensation do they use?|Skill-based pay
An organization recognizes employee commitments and loyalty by giving them service awards. Which benefits will they likely experience by implementing this recognition program? Select three that apply.|It increases employee retention$It attracts job seekers$It reduces hiring and training costs
What type of insurance helps reduce the financial difficulties caused by workplace disability and injuries?|Workers' compensation insurance
Why are employee wellness programs a good way for an HR team to reduce an organization's healthcare costs?|Wellness programs can help lower healthcare costs by addressing lifestyle matters for employees with a high impact on healthcare expenses.
An organization aims to introduce mental health resources as part of its healthcare-related benefits. Which of the following might they consider? Select all that apply.|Covering the cost of therapy sessions with psychologists$Offering free subscriptions to mental wellness apps
Neri at Urban Attire aims to reduce employee expenses by requiring all employees to obtain healthcare from a specific group of providers. Which of the following health insurance plans is best suited to reach this goal?|Health maintenance organizations
What obligations must organizations follow under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)?|Provide up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave when employees welcome a new child, care for a family member, or receive medical care
What should an organization consider when offering onsite child care?|Onsite childcare has risks and is expensive
An organization offers employees mental health resources and partners with a mental wellness app. What is this an example of?|Employee assistance programs
Which best practices do employees follow when they have access to unlimited paid time off?|They can take as much time off within reason and the team's needs
Fill in the blank: Employees can make _____ to qualified retirement plans, such as 401(k) plans, 403(b) plans, and different IRA plans.|salary deferrals
What is a 401(k)?|A retirement account that allows employees to save part of their wages and invest them in stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and other tools.
True or False: 457 Retirement Plans are offered by state or local governments and some non-profits, where interest and earnings are tax-deferred.|True
Which of the following are applicable to both 457(b) plans and 401(k) plans?|Employees can choose to place their contributions into investments and earn money
As an HR specialist, you are required to keep records of employees personal information. What employee information do you keep?|Information relating to hiring efforts, including applications and employment tests, as well as terminations.
An HR manager considers implementing an HRIS to help with HR-related tasks. Which of the following should they consider before choosing a system?|Who will have access to the information
Fill in the blank: _____ has the benefit of being stored in small spaces or on remote servers.|Electronic data storage
As part of your HR tasks, you are required to handle compensation and benefits-related claims. Which of the following claims might you expect to handle? Select all that apply.|Wage and hour$Workers' compensation
True or False: Organizations should consult their insurance providers to determine whether they are covered for actual or potential FMLA claims.|True
As an HR professional, you build and communicate total rewards programs and identify best practices for employee pay. What HR tasks are these related to?|Compensation and benefits
Fill in the blank: An HR professional would typically review _____ in concurrence with the annual performance reviews|Merit pay
An organization compensates employees for their availability outside the standard working schedule or working conditions. What form of differential pay could the organization offer to its employees?|On-call pay
Ely just started at a new company. The company has said that their stock options cannot be fulfilled for the first year. What is this time period known as?|Vesting period
An organization offers all of its employees a company-wide, set yearly increase. Which of the following might determine what the raise amount is?|The organization's financial performance
True or False: Asking new employees about their experiences, compensation, perks, and benefits at other organizations is a great way to gather valuable information about compensation in the market.|False
Fill in the blank: _____ is a form of payment linked to the organization's desired result. .|Pay for performance
Which of the following is a benefit of using a group incentive pay system?|It is designed to motivate and encourage collaboration and teamwork
Why would an organization introduce skill-based pay? Select all that apply.|It encourages employees to develop new expertise$It reduces employee turnover$It improves employees' job performance
An organization recognizes employee commitments and loyalty by giving them service awards. Which benefits will they likely experience by implementing this recognition program? Select three that apply.|It attracts job seekers$It increases employee retention$It reduces hiring and training costs
As an HR professional responsible for tracking benefit costs, you use the cost per employee per year method. How would you calculate the cost per employee per year for offering benefits?|Divide the total cost of all benefits by the number of employees in the organization
An organization aims to reduce the cost of paying employee benefits. Which of the following options might they consider to reduce healthcare costs?|Offer defined coverage plans
Why would an organization include home injuries insurance in its benefits package?|To provide coverage and support for work-from-home injuries and ergonomic-related issues
An organization offers its employees with high-deductible health plans (HDHPs) a tax-advantaged account that helps them save for medical expenses that HDHPs do not cover. What health insurance plan does the organization offer its employees?|Health maintenance organizations
An organization offers a retirement account that allows employees to save part of their wages and invest them. What is this known as?|401(k)
What is a simplified employee pension plan?|A retirement plan that involves employers setting aside money in retirement accounts for employees
Fill in the blank: Though simpler to manage than organization-owned servers, _____ may require additional effort and communication when it is time to dispose of employees' records.|cloud storage
As part of your HR tasks, you are required to handle compensation and benefits-related claims. Which of the following claims might you expect to handle? Select all that apply.|Workers' compensation$Wage and hour
When does a Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) violation occur?|When an organization refuses or delays a valid FMLA request
Which of the following is a typical HR compensation and benefits task?|Create pay structures that maintain internal and external equity
Which of the following aspects informs base salary decisions?|Pay equity
An organization offers its employees stocks to encourage them to stay with the organization. What two forms of stock might they offer?|Common and preferred stock
A sales representative exceeds their annual sales target and receives a 10% raise. What type of raise did they receive?|A performance based-raise
An HR professional considers various techniques to help them price jobs accurately according to their worth within the organization. Which of the following methods will help them successfully evaluate roles?|Point factor method
Why would an organization choose to follow a pay-for-performance payment strategy? Select three that apply.|It motivates employees to reach the organization's goals and objectives$It improves morale by rewarding employees$It increases productivity by compensating employees for their performance
An organization is interested in implementing a group incentive pay system. Which of the following approaches should they consider?|Tying the team manager's compensation to the team's specific goals, putting a portion of their pay "at risk"
Which of the following is an example of skill pay?|A company compensates employees for completing new software training.
An organization honors an employee's 5-year milestone by giving them a bonus and a personalized gift. What type of recognition is this?|Service awards
Which of the following benefits are organizations legally required to offer as part of a benefits package? Select all that apply.|Medicare contributions$Social Security contributions
An organization offers its employees with high-deductible health plans (HDHPs) a tax-advantaged account that helps them save for medical expenses that HDHPs do not cover. What health insurance plan does the organization offer its employees?|Health savings accounts
Under the Family and Medical Leave Act, what are the three types of leave?|Continuous, reduced, and intermittent
An organization offers childcare benefits in the form of a subsidy for employees who have been at the company for a certain amount of time. What childcare benefits do they offer?|Vouchers or discounts
Which of the following are examples of employee assistance programs (EAPs)?|Counseling and advisory services for personal matters
Which of the following is usually true about time off allowances?|The more time employees work for a company, the more days off they receive.
Which of the following should employees consider regarding retirement plans?|Withdrawal from retirement accounts before 59.5 years of age is subject to penalties
An HR professional creates an employee pay schedule with two different components. What are these two components?|Base salary and overtime pay
Fill in the blank: A _____ supports all aspects of HR.|comprehensive HRIS
An HR rep must erase all HR-related digital records on an organization's hard drives. How should they do this?|Perform a DoD 5220.22-M wipe
True or False: Family and Medical Leave Act, or FMLA, violations can occur when an organization denies leave to an employee.|True
An employee files a claim for an FMLA violation and seeks legal counsel to initiate the claim process with the Department of Labor. What is HR's role during this process?|HR should maintain accurate communication with internal and external legal representatives
An HR team manages employees' pay and additional offerings. What type of tasks would the HR team typically perform to manage pay and additional offerings?|Establish and maintain compensation and benefits programs for all employees
Fill in the blank: An HR professional would typically review _____ in concurrence with the annual performance reviews|Merit pay
Which of the following is a type of differential pay?|Shift pay
An HR professional determines whether their organization pays their employees a fair market wage relative to other organizations in the same industry and location. What term describes this compensation consideration?|Competitive pay
What does providing stock and stock options allow employees to do?|Own a portion of an organization
A sales representative exceeds their annual sales target and receives a 10% raise. What type of raise did they receive?|A performance based-raise
Fill in the blank: In job evaluation, the _____ is a combination of the ranking and points factor methods.|Factor comparison method
What group might be able to provide you with compensation surveys to help compare compensation packages to those offered by other similar, local competitors?|Industry associations
Why would an organization choose to follow a pay-for-performance payment strategy? Select three that apply.|It improves morale by rewarding employees$It motivates employees to reach the organization's goals and objectives$It increases productivity by compensating employees for their performance
A retail organization rewards employees for achieving collective sales goals. What type of incentive pay is this?|Group incentive pay
Why would an organization introduce skill-based pay? Select all that apply.|It improves employees' job performance$It encourages employees to develop new expertise$It reduces employee turnover
An organization honors an employee's 5-year milestone by giving them a bonus and a personalized gift. What type of recognition is this?|Service awards
Which of the following benefits are organizations legally required to offer as part of a benefits package? Select all that apply.|Social Security contributions$Medicare contributions
As an HR professional responsible for tracking benefit costs, you use the cost per employee per year method. How would you calculate the cost per employee per year for offering benefits?|Divide the total cost of all benefits by the number of employees in the organization
A manufacturing company relies on preferred provider organizations, or PPOs, to reduce the cost of offering its employees health benefits. How do PPOs impact employees?|Employees must use health services provided by the PPO to pay a reduced rate
Why would an organization include home injuries insurance in its benefits package?|To provide coverage and support for work-from-home injuries and ergonomic-related issues
Neri at Urban Attire aims to reduce employee expenses by requiring all employees to obtain healthcare from a specific group of providers. Which of the following health insurance plans is best suited to reach this goal?|Health maintenance organizations
What obligations must organizations follow under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)?|Provide up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave when employees welcome a new child, care for a family member, or receive medical care
An organization offers employees assistance with finding information as part of its childcare benefits. What does this involve?|Sharing data about the cost and quality of available childcare with employees
Fill in the blank: Some _____ provide counseling and advisory services for personal issues, including child and elder care, adoption assistance, mental health counseling, and life event planning.|Employee assistance programs
Neri at Urban Attire receives paid and unpaid time off from work. Which factors determine whether Neri's time off will be paid or unpaid? Select three that apply.|The amount of time in their paid time allotment$The reason for the time off$The length of time-off requested
Which of the following should employees consider regarding retirement plans?|Withdrawal from retirement accounts before 59.5 years of age is subject to penalties
An organization offers a retirement account that allows employees to save part of their wages and invest them. What is this known as?|401(k)
True or False: 457 Retirement Plans are offered by state or local governments and some non-profits, where interest and earnings are tax-deferred.|True
Which of the following are applicable to both 457(b) plans and 401(k) plans?|Employees can choose to place their contributions into investments and earn money
An HR professional creates an employee pay schedule with two different components. What are these two components?|Base salary and overtime pay
Fill in the blank: A _____ supports all aspects of HR.|comprehensive HRIS
Fill in the blank: _____ has the benefit of being stored in small spaces or on remote servers.|Electronic data storage
As part of your HR tasks, you are required to handle compensation and benefits-related claims. Which of the following claims might you expect to handle? Select all that apply.|Workers' compensation$Wage and hour
When does a Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) violation occur?|When an organization refuses or delays a valid FMLA request
Why would an organization introduce skill-based pay? Select all that apply.|It improves employees' job performance$It encourages employees to develop new expertise
According to The Family and Medical Leave Act, which of the following is an example of continuous leave?|Parental leave
What are IRA Retirement Plans?|Untaxed retirement savings accounts established through a bank instead of an employer
An organization offers employees an untaxed retirement savings account established through a bank instead of an employer. What do they offer their employees?|IRA Retirement Plans
An HR specialist processes claims related to disability benefits. What do these include?|Any benefits awarded to employees who suffer from an injury or illness unrelated to work
