During negotiation, a hiring manager works with a candidate toward a mutually beneficial outcome. What is this known as?|Collaborative negotiation
True or False: A non-solicitation clause defines the conditions or causes that could result in an employee's termination.|False
An HR manager aims to ensure that an employee cannot seek employment with the organization's competitor after leaving the organization. What clause should they include in the employment contract?|Non-compete clause
When an employee joins an organization, the HR team places them on payroll, signs them up for benefits, and introduces them to the organization's culture. What is this process known as?|Onboarding
Which of the following is an employee orientation goal? Select three that apply.|Employees understand the organization's performance reviews and measurement
While assessing how inclusive their onboarding is, an HR manager collects employee feedback. What information should they aim to learn from this? Select three that apply.|How to best contact employees
Fill in the blank: When developing an onboarding process, HR should consider _____.|the employees' objectives during onboarding
Which of the following would you include in an employee handbook? Select three that apply.|An organization chart
Which of the following strategies will help improve employee motivation and retention?|Coaching
An organization has a low retention rate, and the HR team works to improve this. What are they likely to experience? Select three that apply.|Loss of management time
Which of the following is an employee orientation goal? Select three that apply.|Employees understand the organization's performance reviews and measurement$Employees understand the organization's policies$Employees feel a sense of belonging in their teams
While assessing how inclusive their onboarding is, an HR manager collects employee feedback. What information should they aim to learn from this? Select three that apply.|How to best contact employees$How engaged or satisfied the employees are during onboarding$If there is any bias or discrimination during onboarding
Which of the following would you include in an employee handbook? Select three that apply.|An organization chart$Workplace safety procedures$Privacy policies
An organization has a low retention rate, and the HR team works to improve this. What are they likely to experience? Select three that apply.|Loss of management time$Low engagement from other employees$High training costs
How long does employee onboarding typically last?|A month to a year
Why do new employees meet their team members and direct supervisors during orientation?|To build trust and a sense of belonging
While assessing how inclusive their onboarding is, an HR manager collects employee feedback. What information should they aim to learn from this? Select three that apply.|How engaged or satisfied the employees are during onboarding$If there is any bias or discrimination during onboarding$How can they better support new employees
Which of the following is typically part of an employee's first day of onboarding?|Take a tour of the office
An employee recently joined a new organization and wants to know more about its benefits and time off. What did the employee receive during their onboarding that provides this information?|Employee handbook
Which of the following might an organization experience if they do not retain their employees? Select three that apply.|Productivity loss$Lower employee morale$High error rates
When entering a collaborative negotiation with a candidate, the HR manager begins with defining a zone of possible agreement or ZOPA. What does a ZOPA identify?|Where the interests of the candidate and the organization overlap
An HR manager includes a clause in an employment contract stating that an employee cannot approach the organization's customers, vendors or employees for a specified time after leaving the organization. What is this clause?|*A:Non-solicitation clause
An HR manager aims to ensure that an employee cannot seek employment with the organization's competitor after leaving the organization. What clause should they include in the employment contract?|Non-compete clause
How long does employee onboarding typically last?|A month to a year
Why do new employees meet their team members and direct supervisors during orientation?|To build trust and a sense of belonging
What is the purpose of employee onboarding?|To facilitate understanding of the organization's procedures in addition to job responsibilities
Which of the following is typically part of an employee's first day of onboarding?|Take a tour of the office
An employee recently joined a new organization and wants to know more about its benefits and time off. What did the employee receive during their onboarding that provides this information?|Employee handbook
An HR manager identifies employees with the potential to fill key roles within an organization in the future. They provide these employees with training and development opportunities. Which retention strategy does this refer to?|Succession planning
An organization has a low retention rate, and the HR team works to improve this. What are they likely to experience? Select three that apply.|Low engagement from other employees$Loss of management time$High training costs
