An HR manager identifies an organization's potential risks. What does the HR manager do at this stage of the risk management process? |Identify all possible risks including a comprehensive audit of the organization
An organization experiences an unexpected event that ends up benefiting them. What are these events known as?|Positive risks
Which of the following are two types of risk mindsets? |Risk-averse and risk-tolerant
An HR manager is attempting to approach risk with a positive mindset. Which of the following is a best practice they can follow? |Emphasize open communication
An HR manager is attempting to approach risk with a negative mindset. Which of the following is a benefit of this mindset? |Encourages visualization
An HR team invites a HIPAA expert to come in and provide training about new HIPAA guidelines they need to abide by. What type of compliance is this an example of?|Legal compliance
Which of the following acts requires that employers accommodate employees with disabilities by making reasonable changes in the workplace?|Americans with Disabilities Act
Which of the following situations is an example of disparate treatment? |An employer regularly promotes male employees, but has never promoted similarly qualified female employees.
What does an availability analysis examine? |How many individuals from protected classes qualify, have the necessary skills, and live in the areas to qualify for employment
Which of the following could be considered a discriminatory barrier in an organization? |Unequal pay
What is a patent?|A license that grants an inventor the exclusive right to use or sell an invention for a set time
What type of union might represent a single group of tradespeople in one city? |Local
An HR team is reviewing complaints from workers in an office. Which of the following would be considered a health issue? |Repetitive motion
Which of the following acts protects employees with alcoholism from workplace discrimination? |Americans with Disabilities Act
What type of workplace hazard is a substance that an employee regularly handles or is present in the work environment that can cause illness or death?|Chemical
What is phishing?|A deceptive tactic where cyber criminals send fraudulent messages that act as bait, enticing recipients to disclose valuable information.
A manager promises an employee a promotion if they go on a date with and later sleep with them. What type of harassment is this? |Quid pro quo
A hostile work environment is generally created by supervisors and co-workers. Which of the following groups can also potentially create a hostile work environment? |Customers
What generally occurs in an organization's growth stage?|Recruiting and retaining quality workers
During a downsizing, how can an HR professional be an "employee champion?" |By making the downsizing process dignified and fair
A toy company is shutting down their manufacturing plant so that they can focus their attention and money on a popular and successful second-hand toy marketplace they have developed. What restructuring tactic is this an example of? |Downsizing
What term describes the combination of two organizations into one new, joint venture?|Mergers
What is shared work? |Scheduling workers for reduced hours, enabling them to receive partial unemployment benefits
What is outsourcing? |Paying an outside entity to perform specialized business functions.
Which of the following is a common HR task associated with risk management? |Promote employee health and well-being
Which section of a risk management policy usually defines the reason the document exists clearly and concisely? |Purpose
Why is it important to conduct tests and document results when practicing a business continuity plan? |It allows for the plan to be updated based on the outcomes of the practice sessions
Which of the following processes should include the completion of required organization, local, or federal training? |Orientation
What type of training gives employees flexibility to complete the training at their convenience?|Virtual
In addition to health, safety, harassment training, which of the following is a common type of compliance training? |Information security training
A restaurant is opening a new location. During construction, a small fire breaks out and delays the opening by a month. What type of risk does this situation present?|Negative risk
You are starting a new role in risk management. Your manager asks you to define your risk mindset. What are they asking you to define? |Your attitude or outlook towards risk
An HR manager is attempting to approach risk with a positive mindset. Which of the following is a best practice they can follow? |Embrace a growth mindset
An HR manager is attempting to approach risk with a negative mindset. Which of the following is a benefit of this mindset? |Focuses on avoiding change
Which of the following acts prohibits employers from terminating a job for employees over 40 years old based on their age? |Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967
What is illegal discrimination? |Unfair and unjust treatment based on characteristics such as race, gender, or disability, which is prohibited by law
What term describes a pattern and practice of treating employees in an unfair way rather than singular, isolated incidences of unfair treatment?|Systemic discrimination
What term describes an activity designed to correct previous inequality that may have existed for certain groups or classes of people?|Affirmative action
What type of patent is typically used for inventions? |Utility patent
In addition to local, national, and federation, what is a fourth common type of union? |International
An HR team is reviewing complaints from workers in a warehouse. Which of the following would be considered a health issue? |Lack of protective gear
What does COBRA ensure for employees? |COBRA allows employees to purchase a health care coverage extension after being terminated or resigning
What type of workplace hazard is a condition, design flaw, or unsafe object that can jeopardize the safety and health of employees?|Physical
What is vishing? |A cybercrime that uses phone calls to trick individuals into revealing personal information.
What is harassment? |Unwelcome conduct that is based on one's race, religion, or sex.
A co-worker is discussing their past weekend and goes into detail about a sexual encounter. What type of harassment is this?|Hostile work environment
What generally occurs if an organization goes through a concentration? |Eliminate units that are not supporting profits
A local restaurant chain is beginning the process of closing down their table service locations so that they can focus all their efforts on the more profitable counter service. What restructuring process is this an example of? |Concentration
After conducting a business impact analysis, What is the second step in preparing a business continuity plan?|Create recovery strategies
Which of the following processes should include an introduction to organizational procedures, including safety and risk management for new employees?|Onboarding
In addition to state and federal governments, what other group might require compliance training? |An industry group
An HR manager is trying to define how they perceive, assess, and respond to risk. They are trying to define their risk what?|Mindset
An HR manager is attempting to approach risk with a negative mindset. Which of the following is a benefit of this mindset? |Inspires rational thinking
A design firm holds a weekend retreat to refresh workers on the values and ethics that the firm has committed to. What type of compliance is this an example of?|Organizational compliance
What does COBRA ensure for employees? |COBRA ensures that employees receive all their medical records from an employer after being terminated or resigning
What is a cyber security "quid pro quo" attack? |A deceptive tactic where cyber criminals send fraudulent messages that act as bait, enticing recipients to disclose valuable information.
A company wants to close down their in-store sales division to focus on the more profitable online sales division. What is this process known as? |Concentration
A clothing company has been working toward expansion. They've noticed a complimentary shoe store that is marketing to the same audience. The clothing company offers to combine their two companies and create one new, joint venture. Which of the following stages of restructuring does this describe?|Merger
An HR professional is assisting with a downsizing effort at their organization. Which of the following actions will help the employees being let go? |Establish outplacement support
What is a divestiture? |When a business unit is partially or completely disposed of through sale, exchange, closure, or bankruptcy.
Which section of a risk management policy usually defines who the policy applies to?|Scope
Which of the following terms describes an informal training opportunity where issues and concerns are identified?|Safety walk
In addition to state and federal governments, what other group might require compliance training? |An industry group